Title: Knowledge Exchange Primer 
Date: 2013-06-06 00:13
Author: trustadmin
Slug: knowledge-exchange-primer

**Self-organizing, self-policing platforms forsocial-knowledge
applications**

Knowledge Exchanges should be used when knowledge needs to be moved
across a network of dispersed individuals quickly, and when long email
strings containing various disconnected attachments become unworkable.
This break point occurs typically when the group grows beyond about 20
members but can be as low as 6 if highly collaborative knowledge sharing
and problem solving is needed by people who are not in the same location
all the time. [metaslider id=339]

**Ease of Use:** Questions are submitted to the community and answers to
those questions are in the center column. Voting on both questions and
answers can be seen on the left. Tagging, the method used for navigating
the site, is to be seen on the right. Contents, both questions and
answers, can have embedded documents, hyperlinks to supporting material
such as research papers, PDFs, images, video, MP3 audio recordings, etc.

**Reputation:** Unlike traditional online discussion forums, blogs,
wikis and other social media, the Knowledge Exchange is based on elegant
new software algorithms that automatically protect it from undesirable
user behaviors, while it organizes and refines content. Users initially
have limited rights on the system but if they behave well they are
increasingly given reputation points that enable additional editorial
privileges. This avoids the traditional pitfalls of online discussion
forums and blog comment threads that are plagued with spam, flaming, and
irrelevant or offensive content.

**Self-Refinement:** Users can easily vote Knowledge Exchange content up
or down, based on the degree to which each user finds particular
questions and answers to be relevant, helpful, and authoritative. User
tagging makes content easy to query and retrieve. These and related
self-refining and self-organizing knowledge capabilities ensure that the
most useful and relevant content floats to the top of the site. Since
trusted end users can edit, order, tag and refine content, the Knowledge
Exchange creates a sort of canonical “living” knowledge base that is not
attainable via conventional social media or Knowledge Management (KM)
systems.

**The Power of Tagging:** A tag is the equivalent of a subject and is a
powerful attribute of our Knowledge Exchange. Tags can be associated
with particular organizational functions (e.g. Finance) so that the
Finance group, for example, can be alerted via email when a question is
added with the Finance tag. Members (students and faculty) are alerted
based on tags that interest them. Members are alerted if they post a
question and that question gets answered.


