Title: Home
Date: 2013-06-05 11:20
Author: trustadmin
Slug: sample-page

[metaslider id=424] TrustNetMD combines organizational learning
priciples and social media technologies to create "social learning
solutuons" that address the challenges of communication, collaboration,
coordination and consensus building in healthcare transformation.
Focused professional communities are needed to solve complex problems,
often caused by *cultural misalignment*. Our Knowledge Exchange (Kx)
platform serves as the communications backbone of what quickly becomes a
tightly-knit learning collaborative—no matter whether there are dozens
or hundreds of users engaged in the initiative.

For example, a culture of safety depends on a culture of teamwork. And
effective clinical teams require close communication, collaboration and
coordination. However, current efforts to create this culture of
teamwork and collaboration are labor intensive and do not scale.
TrustNetMD's Knowledge Exchange (Kx) platform leverages the power of
social media connecting silos, removing friction, and ultimately
releasing value trapped in our healthcare system.

![tablet1][]

Achieve faster adoption of new programs, building of comprehensive best
practices, integration of new technology, building detailed requirements
for capital projects, training on new software (say EHRs), identifying
new knowledge based thought leaders based on their community
contribution, or enabling of grassroots feedback from large groups.

TrustNetMD’s secure, cloud-based Kx™ applications are as easy to use as
Google Search and Gmail. They are accessed by mobile or desktop and need
not be part of an organization’s IT infrastructure.

![woman-doctor-call-out][]

*Kx communities enable communication, collaboration and coordination.
Community discussions that take place at a time and place convenient to
the participants are much more likely to get thoughtful contributions.*

[Let's Talk][]

  [tablet1]: http://trustnetmd.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/tablet1.png
  [woman-doctor-call-out]: http://trustnetmd.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/woman-doctor-call-out.png
  [Let's Talk]: http://trustnetmd.iti-partners.com/?page_id=24
